or the people because I can tell you
this time is my third this video wants
say that this is my third month of
treatment I did not upload videos before because
I really do not consider it necessary
Now I do consider it necessary because
now I was having a hard time with
treatment and not in the sense that I
I feel bad or like that but it is that I have
had many acne breakouts
but many are many and they are not of the
normal buds
they are from the big big buds
large are large grains that see what
I do not know it's very strange that I was going through
now at that moment then I am in
the plan
that gives me some anger as the
treatment and that I partly regret
for having taken treatment because
I liked it very much and now it's
cristeto my face well I go to the state
now he's going to start some concerts
it turns out that I have pimples on my face and
I have great
and then a little
amazing not taking a drink
pill to make your acne go away
but then you grow more and that's the way it is
happens happened to miss this month and then
that's why I'm going to the dermatologist this month
I will explain my case and I will
say what happens to me because it frustrates me
much that is happening to me they say and
the read in forums that I wanted after
those three months I will not go out again
more acne and you're taking one away
I hope so and I hope that this month
go you leave me alone you
there forever and never come back
more because I'm sick of acne and I know
removed the dandruff that I have dandruff in the
hair and the people that maybe you
may interest this data because I want it
say that nothing happened to me I thought that
to know if you are taking the raffita and
They have so dry hair because I was going to
spend some of what you can
regret with my hair but it is
here they see it is the same as it always is
healthy
inconvenient 3 for girls or guys
what they wanted to have during this season
Manu run because they want
even
I do not know if they have not had and they want it
control asking for it because I do not think that
have no problem with anything else
I'm starting to do some trials
for some dances to rehearse the
dances and it's a lot of routine time
dancing I get tired triple what I
I used to get tired before I did not get tired
nothing but is that now I get tired that I
I say but I have not done anything and you
I'm tired and this is due to the
pills logically previously I had
at the beginning I had many rages was
part of the treatment the question I already
gave a lot of margin is no longer saying that
I was in moments temperaments
I tried to move strong imagine yourself
how will it be taking the pill you
multiply to me you know is very much what
I have if you do not believe me acne
look here, show them that you love me
sprout one here I have another another one
another other
others
speak for themselves and in the back
where the people who more better than they are
those that hurt me the most and apart I do not
They let you sleep well at night because when
I move clear
it hurts a lot and only that I
touches that you make me like that I was already
going a lot then that's that other
people have been asking me what
I use products for the treatment
then then I'm going to
describe
It fits to say that the products that I have
here at hand I was not requested
doctor or I bought them because not like that
that the store told me what it was
possibly suitable for me
treatment
then I followed his advice but
the next time I'm going to see
dermatologist I'm going to ask you if you're
well use those products because what
better is for this reason
that I sprouted more I do not know but not what
I'm going to ask, this is very good
to me it has helped me so much I felt
comfort on the face is called vascular of
la roche posay
It's a little tube of 40 40 milligrams to me
has lasted a full month because I did not
I have done too much is a moisturizer
multi compensator are made micro pil and
also a face with which comes very
well for the treatment just dries a lot
I have also used this sunscreen
of 50/50 is called the joker and I rediscovered
here in Spain I do not know if they can
find you in Latin America or
for them serving this video but
then it is very good and especially
over here for Spain now comes very
well because the summer of that power the
sun is very strong with which is very
good to use this blocker and always
of 50 try as much as possible to be 50
do not go outside without being blocked
this lip repair balm to me
I would do very well at the beginning but
lately been catching a smell a
little unpleasant then I do not think
change has come very well because
Well, it has not let me say, dry a lot
the lips and fulfills its function that
is to repair the lips then it
call at the same level from the same
of the pills that I am taking that
it's called steven is from the same house
from the same company
this cream was the one that told them about
the previous video
contains that contains it units of
oil and does not contain silicones nor
dyes and anything because that's all
I wanted to comment on this process
of red are thanks for you being
watching and being aware of what is
my development with this treatment
I will also soon I will do
a new song in English which
I hope you like it is a very very music
I really like this song
I'm going to leave the link here so
you see my artist page in
youtube channel artist the channel
officer logically and team
find all my music from my
interviews interviews what you guys
want to see so they know a little
more who am I even to look
my face as it was before this
treatment that also serves as a guide
I do not want to make them not take it later
I will continue taking I will continue to persist
because I really want to eradicate the
acne and totally my life and well I have
understood that with this pill, what
I can do then what am I going to do it
to finish as it is not going to finish you
I start I finish it so nothing
I also advise you to do it
if you do not want to finish it and nothing too
I wanted to comment on that because I
you can follow on social networks in
twitter on facebook on instagram yes
wants to follow me in social interest not
They can be found as jason
as my official channel also and if
have any questions then do not hesitate
leave me here in the section of the
comments if you have any concerns or
request can also be made there
I gladly answer all
the people and I really am for
you these roots to share it
with you who are the main engine
of this channel that I have made and I wish you
all good luck good luck good luck
light much peace many blessings
remember that it will always be here
every month to something else I do not promise to go up
more videos followed because
I have many concerts you will see what
what to do is to be a bit involved with that
and with the essays so I hope to see us
soon on a next occasion I want them
a lot and thanks for following me around here
hug